
# Introduction:
  In this database project our topic is that provide to people for communicate with each other and share information about the topics they are interested in. The main target in this design of this project is that the users can follow their friends and interested persons and share information about topics that they interested in also share their important moments such as photos, videos and thoughts freely. In the project, ease of use and simplicity were highlighted and the user was able to focus on his / her purpose. Users can share images videos, texts and also they can see other people’s post on their home page and leave comments and expressions as long as they follow each other. There is no character constraint in text sharing. Thus, the user express himself/herself freely. This project was designed by taking the similar aspects of social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter but also taking their missing aspects into consideration.

# Requirements:
  There are several person who use this social media. Each person has a unique user id number. Also there are information about such as birth date email, phone number of the user. Each person has a username profile picture and a user name. also in the system there is information about whether the user is active or not and also there is the member time which is the person’s register time. A person can follow more than one person or not follow at all. Also when a person follows another person there is information about the status.
Each person can post a story. Every story has a story date. In addition, the information about the text content in the stories is kept in the system. Each story posted by a person and a person can post more than one story.  Also a person can give a reaction to a story. A person gives more than one reaction to story or not give any reaction at all. This reaction has a type and also a reaction date.
A person can comment to a story, each person may comment more than one story or not comment at all. But in the system is kept the information about the comment’s content and the posted time of this comment. 
A person can post images such as media. Each media has a unique id.  Also there is information about this media such as url, and the type of this media. Every media files in the albums. This album has a unique id number also. Every album has a description and a title. In the album there could be more than one media and also in the album there must be at least one media too. Also every story files in the albums too. But there is one story in an album or not at all.

# What for ?
  This project for my database lesson. Specially, I focus the conceptual desing, physical design and logical design consider the requirements and build user interface for this project. I learned PHP 7 and MySql for this project. I build interfaces using with bootstrap, jQuery, javascript, sql, html and css. We focus just queries and database section. So system can have lots of bugs and errors.
